[Console] Caution about disabling auto exit flag (#14573)
symfony/symfony-docs: console.rst

    not dispatched. If you need to test those events, use the
    :class:`Symfony\\Component\\Console\\Tester\\ApplicationTester` instead.

.. caution::

>     When testing commands using the ``ApplicationTester`` class, don't forget to disable the auto exist flag :
> 
>         $application = new Application();
>         
>         $application->setAutoExit(false);
>         
>         $applicationTester = new ApplicationTester($application);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When testing commands using the :class:`Symfony\\Component\\Console\\Tester\\ApplicationTester`
    class, don't forget to disable the auto exit flag::

        $application = new Application();
        $application->setAutoExit(false);
        
        $tester = new ApplicationTester($application);
```
